# IrokoGPT - Conversationnal Agent for Law Advices
**IrokoGPT** est un assistant juridique dédié aux professionnels du droit en Afrique. Il vise à leur offrir un accès facile et rapide à des informations juridiques exhaustives, pertinentes et à jour à travers une plateforme unique, simplifiant ainsi leur processus de recherche et d’analyse juridique.

## Prerequisites
- [x] Make sure docker is installed. [Follow](https://github.com/DMonsia/hadoop-cluster/blob/main/docker-installation.md) this if not.
- [x] Make sure make is install . [follow](https://www.makeuseof.com/how-to-fix-make-command-not-found-error-ubuntu/) this if not.
- [x] We assume that the milvus database is ready for use.


## Installation
To install IrokoGPT, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your machine.
Then open the project folder.

- Create the following folders:
```bash
mkdir api/data
```
The `api/data` folder is used to store all data generated by the application, such as `qa_history.csv` and others. You can also add any source documents you wish to vectorize and store in the datastore.

- Create the file `.env` and add your openai API key, cohere API key, and Milvus vectorstore requierements:
```
OPENAI_API_KEY = "sk-..."
HOST = '127.0.0.1'
PORT = "19530"
```
* Accessing the openai API requires an API key, which you can get by creating an account and heading [here](https://platform.openai.com/account/api-keys).
* Idem for the cohere API key, which you can get by creating an account and heading [here](https://dashboard.cohere.com/api-keys).


3. Create IrokoGPT docker image
Run the following command to create the application image:
```bash
make build
```

4. Start application container
Then use the following command to start the application's docker container:
```bash
make run DATA_FILE=${PWD}/data
```

5. Once the server is up and running, you can access the swagger API by going to `localhost:8000/docs` in your web browser.

That's it! You should now be able to use **IrokoGPT** to obtain legal advice. 
> If you have any questions or problems, please don't hesitate to contact us at hansearieldo@gmail.com.
